allow single click to edit URL request (#7385)
mitmproxy/mitmproxy: CHANGELOG.md

-->

## Unreleased: mitmproxy next

> - Allow single-click editing of URL requests in mitmweb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clicking the URL in mitmweb now places the cursor at the current position instead of selecting the entire URL.
```
